There is a saying called empty talk
You say he is the eldest young master, why should we believe you?
Yeah, if it's a cat
If a dog can inherit the family property
Isn't that a mess?
What evidence do you want?
Look what this is
homeowner
Yes, this is the head of the house
This time I offer
The order of the patriarch came to Tianhai
Everything that has happened here this year
It's all from the head of the family
Who else is dissatisfied?
You can confront the head of the family in person
What more evidence do you want?
Paternity test
Or blood relationship
I'll give you some if you want it.
Is this money enough?
If it doesn't make sense
You have nothing to do here
You can go now.
Old thing, wait for me
Master, I won't put garlic